# Smart-homes-and-weather_Evaluating-energy-use-efficiency-
#IOT technology 
#Author: Aline Jaimes

Smart building technology allow buildings to be more efficient, comfortable and easier to manage by connecting IOT devices, collaborate, analyze and use real time intelligence with IOT applications and solutions as part of a Smart Building platform. A challenge for the implementation of such technologies is the evaluation of the energy use efficiency under variable climatic conditions during a year.  

#GOALS: 
1) Evaluate and predict energy efficiency performance from solar energy during a year and variable weather conditions. Tools to be used: Python Pandas, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib 
2) Evaluate in what state of the USA solar energy is more or less efficient   Tools to be used: Plotly or leaflet or D3 or Tableau (To be determined...)

#SPECIFICATIONS
The project uses one year data set (HomeC) that contains the readings with a time span of 1 minute of house appliances in kW from a smart meter and weather conditions of that particular region. My approach will gather weather data from different states/climatic regions. The data will be used to train and parameterize the predictive models. 
#The variables to analyze are: 
time
use [kW]Total energy consumption
gen [kW]Total energy generated by means of solar or other power generation resources
House overall [kW]overall house energy consumption
Dishwasher [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Furnace 1 [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Furnace 2 [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Home office [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Fridge [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Wine cellar [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Garage door [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Kitchen 12 [kW]energy consumption in kitchen 1
Kitchen 14 [kW]energy consumption in kitchen 2
Kitchen 38 [kW]energy consumption in kitchen 3
Barn [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Well [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Microwave [kW]energy consumed by specific appliance
Living room [kW]energy consumption in Living room
Solar [kW]Solar power generation
temperature
humidity
visibility
apparentTemperature
pressure
windSpeed
cloudCover
windBearing
precipIntensity
dewPoint
precipProbability

#RESEARCH QUESTIONS
1) How much the E-gen-Total energy generated (solar or other power generation resources) varies during the year under different weather conditions?
2) Can random forest analysis determine what are the most important variables that regulate E-gen. For instance, Air temperature, humidity, net radiation, wind speed, pressure, etc. 
At what time frequency machine learning unsupervised models  predict E-gen more accurately (monthly, daily, minutes) and why?
3) What states are more likely to use E-gen more and less efficiently?
Ultimately, calculate energy efficiency during a year and compare different states. Energy efficiency is defined as energy output, divided by the energy input, and expressed as a percentage. 
